Change how building works (faster builds & easier to update & remove manifest.json repetition) (#9)
NopeCHA/NopeCHA: README.md

## NopeCHA Chrome Extension & Firefox Add-on

## Development
### Prerequisites

Having [Python 3.8](https://python.org) or above installed.

### Building

To build debug copy for both Chrome and Firefox, simply run the following command:

`python build.py`

> This will create a `__export__` directory in the project root directory, in which you will find `firefox` and `chrome` directories each one with its version for testing and debugging.

Author: I prefer like this:
```suggestion
This will create a `dist` directory in the project root directory, in which you will find `firefox` and `chrome` directories for debugging purposes. If you use the `-p` argument, each debugging directory will have an additional xpi/crc archive for production usage.
```
What do you think?

> This will create a `__export__` directory in the project root directory, in which you will find `firefox` and `chrome` directories each one with its version for testing and debugging.

Reviewer: sure

### Actively listening for changes
For development convenience, `build.py` also supports listening to changes so files are quickly updated.

For that, you need to install python's `watchdog` in your machine:

`python -m pip install watchdog`

Then you can run `build.py` command with the `-w` option so your changes immediately apply:  

`python build.py -w`  
or  
`./build.py -w`

> ## Build for deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building for production
```

## NopeCHA Chrome Extension & Firefox Add-on

## Development
### Prerequisites

> Having python 3.8 or above installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having [Python 3.8](https://python.org) or above installed.
```

### Building

To build debug copy for both Chrome and Firefox, simply run the following command:

`python build.py`

This will create a `__export__` directory in the project root directory, in which you will find `firefox` and `chrome` directories each one with its version for testing and debugging.

### Actively listening for changes
For development convenience, `build.py` also supports listening to changes so files are quickly updated.

> For that, you need to install python's `watchdog` in your machine or in a `pylibs` directory (recommended).  
> To install in `pylibs` run:
> 
> `python -m pip install -t pylibs watchdog`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, you need to install python's `watchdog` in your machine:

`python -m pip install watchdog`
```

Then you can run `build.py` command with the `-w` option so your changes immediately apply:  

`python build.py -w`  
or  
`./build.py -w`

## Build for deployment
### Prerequisites

`npm install uglify-js -g`

### Build

`python build.py -d`

> Note: The `-w` is also supported here: (`python build.py -dw`)

Reviewer: `-d` -> `-p`

> Note: The `-w` is also supported here: (`python build.py -pw`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The watchdog option `-w` is also supported here: (`python build.py -pw`)
```

> Minified code for production can be found in the `.zip` files in the corresponding browser directory. The Zip files can be used for final testing/debugging before sending to webstores and are the same file as the ones individually submitted to each webstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minified code for production can be found in the `.zip` files in the corresponding browser directory. The zip files can be used for final testing/debugging before sending them to the webstores.
```
redundant

Author: That is better wording. Thank you
